# Global.list
# (DNS Cache Pollution Protection)
# > Google
host-suffix, ampproject.org,Final
host-suffix, appspot.com,Final
host-suffix, blogger.com,Final
host-suffix, getoutline.org,Final
host-suffix, googleapis.cn,Final
host-suffix, gvt0.com,Final
host-suffix, gvt1.com,Final
host-suffix, gvt3.com,Final
host-suffix, xn--ngstr-lra8j.com,Final
host-keyword, google,Final
host-keyword, blogspot,Final
# > PayPal
user-agent, PayPal*,Final
host-suffix, paypal.com,Final
host-suffix, paypalobjects.com,Final
# > Microsoft
host-suffix, onedrive.live.com,Final
host-suffix, xboxlive.com,Final
# > Facebook
host-suffix, cdninstagram.com,Final
host-suffix, fb.com,Final
host-suffix, fb.me,Final
host-suffix, fbaddins.com,Final
host-suffix, fbcdn.net,Final
host-suffix, fbsbx.com,Final
host-suffix, fbworkmail.com,Final
host-suffix, instagram.com,Final
host-suffix, m.me,Final
host-suffix, messenger.com,Final
host-suffix, oculus.com,Final
host-suffix, oculuscdn.com,Final
host-suffix, rocksdb.org,Final
host-suffix, whatsapp.com,Final
host-suffix, whatsapp.net,Final
host-keyword, facebook,Final
ip-cidr, 3.123.36.126/32,Final
ip-cidr, 35.157.215.84/32,Final
ip-cidr, 35.157.217.255/32,Final
ip-cidr, 52.58.209.134/32,Final
ip-cidr, 54.93.124.31/32,Final
ip-cidr, 54.162.243.80/32,Final
ip-cidr, 54.173.34.141/32,Final
ip-cidr, 54.235.23.242/32,Final
ip-cidr, 169.45.248.118/32,Final
# > Twitter
host-suffix, pscp.tv,Final
host-suffix, periscope.tv,Final
host-suffix, t.co,Final
host-suffix, twimg.co,Final
host-suffix, twimg.com,Final
host-suffix, twitpic.com,Final
host-suffix, vine.co,Final
host-keyword, twitter,Final
# > Telegram
host-suffix, t.me,Final
host-suffix, tdesktop.com,Final
host-suffix, telegra.ph,Final
host-suffix, telegram.me,Final
host-suffix, telegram.org,Final
host-suffix, telesco.pe,Final
ip-cidr, 91.108.4.0/22,Final
ip-cidr, 91.108.8.0/21,Final
ip-cidr, 91.108.16.0/21,Final
ip-cidr, 91.108.56.0/22,Final
ip-cidr, 149.154.160.0/20,Final
ip6-cidr, 2001:67c:4e8::/48,Final
ip6-cidr, 2001:b28:f23d::/48,Final
ip6-cidr, 2001:b28:f23f::/48,Final
# > Line
host-suffix, line.me,Final
host-suffix, line-apps.com,Final
host-suffix, line-scdn.net,Final
host-suffix, naver.jp,Final
ip-cidr, 103.2.30.0/23,Final
ip-cidr, 125.209.208.0/20,Final
ip-cidr, 147.92.128.0/17,Final
ip-cidr, 203.104.144.0/21,Final
# > Other
host-suffix, 4shared.com,Final
host-suffix, 520cc.cc,Final
host-suffix, 881903.com,Final
host-suffix, 9cache.com,Final
host-suffix, 9gag.com,Final
host-suffix, abc.com,Final
host-suffix, abc.net.au,Final
host-suffix, abebooks.com,Final
host-suffix, amazon.co.jp,Final
host-suffix, apigee.com,Final
host-suffix, apk-dl.com,Final
host-suffix, apkfind.com,Final
host-suffix, apkmirror.com,Final
host-suffix, apkmonk.com,Final
host-suffix, apkpure.com,Final
host-suffix, aptoide.com,Final
host-suffix, archive.is,Final
host-suffix, archive.org,Final
host-suffix, arte.tv,Final
host-suffix, artstation.com,Final
host-suffix, arukas.io,Final
host-suffix, ask.com,Final
host-suffix, avg.com,Final
host-suffix, avgle.com,Final
host-suffix, badoo.com,Final
host-suffix, bandwagonhost.com,Final
host-suffix, bbc.com,Final
host-suffix, behance.net,Final
host-suffix, bibox.com,Final
host-suffix, biggo.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, binance.com,Final
host-suffix, bitcointalk.org,Final
host-suffix, bitfinex.com,Final
host-suffix, bitmex.com,Final
host-suffix, bit-z.com,Final
host-suffix, bloglovin.com,Final
host-suffix, bloomberg.cn,Final
host-suffix, bloomberg.com,Final
host-suffix, blubrry.com,Final
host-suffix, book.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, booklive.jp,Final
host-suffix, books.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, boslife.net,Final
host-suffix, box.com,Final
host-suffix, businessinsider.com,Final
host-suffix, bwh1.net,Final
host-suffix, castbox.fm,Final
host-suffix, cbc.ca,Final
host-suffix, cdw.com,Final
host-suffix, change.org,Final
host-suffix, channelnewsasia.com,Final
host-suffix, ck101.com,Final
host-suffix, clarionproject.org,Final
host-suffix, clyp.it,Final
host-suffix, cna.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, comparitech.com,Final
host-suffix, conoha.jp,Final
host-suffix, crucial.com,Final
host-suffix, cts.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, cw.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, cyberctm.com,Final
host-suffix, dailymotion.com,Final
host-suffix, dailyview.tw,Final
host-suffix, daum.net,Final
host-suffix, daumcdn.net,Final
host-suffix, dcard.tw,Final
host-suffix, deepdiscount.com,Final
host-suffix, depositphotos.com,Final
host-suffix, deviantart.com,Final
host-suffix, disconnect.me,Final
host-suffix, discordapp.com,Final
host-suffix, discordapp.net,Final
host-suffix, disqus.com,Final
host-suffix, dlercloud.com,Final
host-suffix, dns2go.com,Final
host-suffix, dowjones.com,Final
host-suffix, dropbox.com,Final
host-suffix, dropboxusercontent.com,Final
host-suffix, duckduckgo.com,Final
host-suffix, dw.com,Final
host-suffix, dynu.com,Final
host-suffix, earthcam.com,Final
host-suffix, ebookservice.tw,Final
host-suffix, economist.com,Final
host-suffix, edgecastcdn.net,Final
host-suffix, edu,Final
host-suffix, elpais.com,Final
host-suffix, enanyang.my,Final
host-suffix, encyclopedia.com,Final
host-suffix, esoir.be,Final
host-suffix, etherscan.io,Final
host-suffix, euronews.com,Final
host-suffix, evozi.com,Final
host-suffix, feedly.com,Final
host-suffix, firech.at,Final
host-suffix, flickr.com,Final
host-suffix, flitto.com,Final
host-suffix, foreignpolicy.com,Final
host-suffix, freebrowser.org,Final
host-suffix, freewechat.com,Final
host-suffix, freeweibo.com,Final
host-suffix, figma.com,Final
host-suffix, friday.tw,Final
host-suffix, ftchinese.com,Final
host-suffix, ftimg.net,Final
host-suffix, gate.io,Final
host-suffix, getlantern.org,Final
host-suffix, getsync.com,Final
host-suffix,Finalvoices.org,Final
host-suffix, gog.com,Final
host-suffix, goo.ne.jp,Final
host-suffix, goodreads.com,Final
host-suffix, gov,Final
host-suffix, gov.tw,Final
host-suffix, greatfire.org,Final
host-suffix, gumroad.com,Final
host-suffix, hbg.com,Final
host-suffix, heroku.com,Final
host-suffix, hightail.com,Final
host-suffix, hk01.com,Final
host-suffix, hkbf.org,Final
host-suffix, hkbookcity.com,Final
host-suffix, hkej.com,Final
host-suffix, hket.com,Final
host-suffix, hkgolden.com,Final
host-suffix, hootsuite.com,Final
host-suffix, hudson.org,Final
host-suffix, hyread.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, ibtimes.com,Final
host-suffix, i-cable.com,Final
host-suffix, icij.org,Final
host-suffix, icoco.com,Final
host-suffix, imgur.com,Final
host-suffix, initiummall.com,Final
host-suffix, insecam.org,Final
host-suffix, ipfs.io,Final
host-suffix, issuu.com,Final
host-suffix, istockphoto.com,Final
host-suffix, japantimes.co.jp,Final
host-suffix, jiji.com,Final
host-suffix, jinx.com,Final
host-suffix, jkforum.net,Final
host-suffix, joinmastodon.org,Final
host-suffix, justmysocks.net,Final
host-suffix, justpaste.it,Final
host-suffix, kakao.com,Final
host-suffix, kakaocorp.com,Final
host-suffix, kik.com,Final
host-suffix, kobo.com,Final
host-suffix, kobobooks.com,Final
host-suffix, kodingen.com,Final
host-suffix, lemonde.fr,Final
host-suffix, lepoint.fr,Final
host-suffix, lihkg.com,Final
host-suffix, listennotes.com,Final
host-suffix, livestream.com,Final
host-suffix, logmein.com,Final
host-suffix, mail.ru,Final
host-suffix, mailchimp.com,Final
host-suffix, marc.info,Final
host-suffix, matters.news,Final
host-suffix, maying.co,Final
host-suffix, medium.com,Final
host-suffix, mega.nz,Final
host-suffix, mil,Final
host-suffix, mingpao.com,Final
host-suffix, mobile01.com,Final
host-suffix, myspace.com,Final
host-suffix, myspacecdn.com,Final
host-suffix, nanyang.com,Final
host-suffix, naver.com,Final
host-suffix, neowin.net,Final
host-suffix, newstapa.org,Final
host-suffix, nexitally.com,Final
host-suffix, nhk.or.jp,Final
host-suffix, nicovideo.jp,Final
host-suffix, nii.ac.jp,Final
host-suffix, nikkei.com,Final
host-suffix, nofile.io,Final
host-suffix, now.com,Final
host-suffix, nrk.no,Final
host-suffix, nyt.com,Final
host-suffix, nytchina.com,Final
host-suffix, nytcn.me,Final
host-suffix, nytco.com,Final
host-suffix, nytimes.com,Final
host-suffix, nytimg.com,Final
host-suffix, nytlog.com,Final
host-suffix, nytstyle.com,Final
host-suffix, ok.ru,Final
host-suffix, okex.com,Final
host-suffix, on.cc,Final
host-suffix, orientaldaily.com.my,Final
host-suffix, overcast.fm,Final
host-suffix, paltalk.com,Final
host-suffix, pao-pao.net,Final
host-suffix, parsevideo.com,Final
host-suffix, pbxes.com,Final
host-suffix, pcdvd.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, pchome.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, pcloud.com,Final
host-suffix, picacomic.com,Final
host-suffix, pinimg.com,Final
host-suffix, pixiv.net,Final
host-suffix, player.fm,Final
host-suffix, plurk.com,Final
host-suffix, po18.tw,Final
host-suffix, potato.im,Final
host-suffix, potatso.com,Final
host-suffix, prism-break.org,Final
host-suffix, proxifier.com,Final
host-suffix, pt.im,Final
host-suffix, pts.org.tw,Final
host-suffix, pubu.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, pubu.tw,Final
host-suffix, pureapk.com,Final
host-suffix, pximg.net,Final
host-suffix, quora.com,Final
host-suffix, quoracdn.net,Final
host-suffix, rakuten.co.jp,Final
host-suffix, readingtimes.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, readmoo.com,Final
host-suffix, redbubble.com,Final
host-suffix, reddit.com,Final
host-suffix, redditmedia.com,Final
host-suffix, resilio.com,Final
host-suffix, reuters.com,Final
host-suffix, reutersmedia.net,Final
host-suffix, rfi.fr,Final
host-suffix, rixcloud.com,Final
host-suffix, roadshow.hk,Final
host-suffix, scmp.com,Final
host-suffix, scribd.com,Final
host-suffix, seatguru.com,Final
host-suffix, shadowsocks.org,Final
host-suffix, shopee.tw,Final
host-suffix, slideshare.net,Final
host-suffix, softfamous.com,Final
host-suffix, soundcloud.com,Final
host-suffix, ssrcloud.org,Final
host-suffix, startpage.com,Final
host-suffix, steamcommunity.com,Final
host-suffix, steemit.com,Final
host-suffix, steemitwallet.com,Final
host-suffix, t66y.com,Final
host-suffix, tapatalk.com,Final
host-suffix, teco-hk.org,Final
host-suffix, teco-mo.org,Final
host-suffix, teddysun.com,Final
host-suffix, textnow.me,Final
host-suffix, theguardian.com,Final
host-suffix, theinitium.com,Final
host-suffix, thetvdb.com,Final
host-suffix, tineye.com,Final
host-suffix, tinyurl.com,Final
host-suffix, torproject.org,Final
host-suffix, tumblr.com,Final
host-suffix, turbobit.net,Final
host-suffix, tutanota.com,Final
host-suffix, tvboxnow.com,Final
host-suffix, udn.com,Final
host-suffix, unseen.is,Final
host-suffix, upmedia.mg,Final
host-suffix, uptodown.com,Final
host-suffix, urbandictionary.com,Final
host-suffix, ustream.tv,Final
host-suffix, uwants.com,Final
host-suffix, v2ray.com,Final
host-suffix, viber.com,Final
host-suffix, videopress.com,Final
host-suffix, vimeo.com,Final
host-suffix, voachinese.com,Final
host-suffix, voanews.com,Final
host-suffix, voxer.com,Final
host-suffix, vzw.com,Final
host-suffix, w3schools.com,Final
host-suffix, washingtonpost.com,Final
host-suffix, wattpad.com,Final
host-suffix, whoer.net,Final
host-suffix, wikimapia.org,Final
host-suffix, wikipedia.org,Final
host-suffix, wikiquote.org,Final
host-suffix, wikiwand.com,Final
host-suffix, winudf.com,Final
host-suffix, wire.com,Final
host-suffix, wordpress.com,Final
host-suffix, workflow.is,Final
host-suffix, worldcat.org,Final
host-suffix, wsj.com,Final
host-suffix, wsj.net,Final
host-suffix, xhamster.com,Final
host-suffix, xn--90wwvt03e.com,Final
host-suffix, xn--i2ru8q2qg.com,Final
host-suffix, xnxx.com,Final
host-suffix, xvideos.com,Final
host-suffix, yahoo.com,Final
host-suffix, yandex.ru,Final
host-suffix, ycombinator.com,Final
host-suffix, yesasia.com,Final
host-suffix, yes-news.com,Final
host-suffix, yomiuri.co.jp,Final
host-suffix, you-get.org,Final
host-suffix, zaobao.com,Final
host-suffix, zb.com,Final
host-suffix, zello.com,Final
host-suffix, zeronet.io,Final
host-suffix, zoom.us,Final
host-keyword, github,Final
host-keyword, jav,Final
host-keyword, pinterest,Final
host-keyword, porn,Final
host-keyword, wikileaks,Final

# (Region-Restricted Access Denied)
host-suffix, apartmentratings.com,Final
host-suffix, apartments.com,Final
host-suffix, bankmobilevibe.com,Final
host-suffix, bing.com,Final
host-suffix, booktopia.com.au,Final
host-suffix, cccat.io,Final
host-suffix, centauro.com.br,Final
host-suffix, clearsurance.com,Final
host-suffix, costco.com,Final
host-suffix, crackle.com,Final
host-suffix, depositphotos.cn,Final
host-suffix, dish.com,Final
host-suffix, dmm.co.jp,Final
host-suffix, dmm.com,Final
host-suffix, dnvod.tv,Final
host-suffix, esurance.com,Final
host-suffix, extmatrix.com,Final
host-suffix, fastpic.ru,Final
host-suffix, flipboard.com,Final
host-suffix, fnac.be,Final
host-suffix, fnac.com,Final
host-suffix, funkyimg.com,Final
host-suffix, fxnetworks.com,Final
host-suffix, gettyimages.com,Final
host-suffix, go.com,Final
host-suffix, here.com,Final
host-suffix, jcpenney.com,Final
host-suffix, jiehua.tv,Final
host-suffix, mailfence.com,Final
host-suffix, nationwide.com,Final
host-suffix, nbc.com,Final
host-suffix, nexon.com,Final
host-suffix, nordstrom.com,Final
host-suffix, nordstromimage.com,Final
host-suffix, nordstromrack.com,Final
host-suffix, superpages.com,Final
host-suffix, target.com,Final
host-suffix, thinkgeek.com,Final
host-suffix, tracfone.com,Final
host-suffix, uploader.jp,Final
host-suffix, vevo.com,Final
host-suffix, viu.tv,Final
host-suffix, vk.com,Final
host-suffix, vsco.co,Final
host-suffix, xfinity.com,Final
host-suffix, zattoo.com,Final
user-agent, Roam*,Final

# (The Most Popular Sites)
# > Google
host-suffix, abc.xyz,Final
host-suffix, android.com,Final
host-suffix, androidify.com,Final
host-suffix, dialogflow.com,Final
host-suffix, autodraw.com,Final
host-suffix, capitalg.com,Final
host-suffix, certificate-transparency.org,Final
host-suffix, chrome.com,Final
host-suffix, chromeexperiments.com,Final
host-suffix, chromestatus.com,Final
host-suffix, chromium.org,Final
host-suffix, creativelab5.com,Final
host-suffix, debug.com,Final
host-suffix, deepmind.com,Final
host-suffix, firebaseio.com,Final
host-suffix, getmdl.io,Final
host-suffix, ggpht.com,Final
host-suffix, gmail.com,Final
host-suffix, gmodules.com,Final
host-suffix, godoc.org,Final
host-suffix, golang.org,Final
host-suffix, gstatic.com,Final
host-suffix, gv.com,Final
host-suffix, gwtproject.org,Final
host-suffix, itasoftware.com,Final
host-suffix, madewithcode.com,Final
host-suffix, material.io,Final
host-suffix, polymer-project.org,Final
host-suffix, admin.recaptcha.net,Final
host-suffix, recaptcha.net,Final
host-suffix, shattered.io,Final
host-suffix, synergyse.com,Final
host-suffix, tensorflow.org,Final
host-suffix, tfhub.dev,Final
host-suffix, tiltbrush.com,Final
host-suffix, waveprotocol.org,Final
host-suffix, waymo.com,Final
host-suffix, webmproject.org,Final
host-suffix, webrtc.org,Final
host-suffix, whatbrowser.org,Final
host-suffix, widevine.com,Final
host-suffix, x.company,Final
host-suffix, youtu.be,Final
host-suffix, yt.be,Final
host-suffix, ytimg.com,Final
# > Microsoft
# >> Microsoft OneDrive
host-suffix, 1drv.com,Final
host-suffix, 1drv.ms,Final
host-suffix, blob.core.windows.net,Final
host-suffix, livefilestore.com,Final
host-suffix, onedrive.com,Final
host-suffix, storage.live.com,Final
host-suffix, storage.msn.com,Final
host, oneclient.sfx.ms,Final
# > Other
host-suffix, 0rz.tw,Final
host-suffix, 4bluestones.biz,Final
host-suffix, 9bis.net,Final
host-suffix, allconnected.co,Final
host-suffix, aol.com,Final
host-suffix, bcc.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, bit.ly,Final
host-suffix, bitshare.com,Final
host-suffix, blog.jp,Final
host-suffix, blogimg.jp,Final
host-suffix, blogtd.org,Final
host-suffix, broadcast.co.nz,Final
host-suffix, camfrog.com,Final
host-suffix, cfos.de,Final
host-suffix, citypopulation.de,Final
host-suffix, cloudfront.net,Final
host-suffix, ctitv.com.tw,Final
host-suffix, cuhk.edu.hk,Final
host-suffix, cusu.hk,Final
host-suffix, discord.gg,Final
host-suffix, discuss.com.hk,Final
host-suffix, dropboxapi.com,Final
host-suffix, duolingo.cn,Final
host-suffix, edditstatic.com,Final
host-suffix, flickriver.com,Final
host-suffix, focustaiwan.tw,Final
host-suffix, free.fr,Final
host-suffix, gigacircle.com,Final
host-suffix, hk-pub.com,Final
host-suffix, hosting.co.uk,Final
host-suffix, hwcdn.net,Final
host-suffix, ifixit.com,Final
host-suffix, iphone4hongkong.com,Final
host-suffix, iphonetaiwan.org,Final
host-suffix, iptvbin.com,Final
host-suffix, linksalpha.com,Final
host-suffix, manyvids.com,Final
host-suffix, myactimes.com,Final
host-suffix, newsblur.com,Final
host-suffix, now.im,Final
host-suffix, nowe.com,Final
host-suffix, redditlist.com,Final
host-suffix, s3.amazonaws.com,Final
host-suffix, signal.org,Final
host-suffix, smartmailcloud.com,Final
host-suffix, sparknotes.com,Final
host-suffix, streetvoice.com,Final
host-suffix, supertop.co,Final
host-suffix, tinyurl.com,Final
host-suffix, tv.com,Final
host-suffix, typepad.com,Final
host-suffix, udnbkk.com,Final
host-suffix, urbanairship.com,Final
host-suffix, whispersystems.org,Final
host-suffix, wikia.com,Final
host-suffix, wn.com,Final
host-suffix, wolframalpha.com,Final
host-suffix, x-art.com,Final
host-suffix, yimg.com,Final
host, api.steampowered.com,Final
host, store.steampowered.com,Final
